Testnet/christian/dhx-145 (#58)
DataHighway-DHX/node: README.md

  --telemetry-url ws://telemetry.polkadot.io:1024
```

# Run the testnet chain in docker containers
- Checkout this repo on the test node
- Update docker-compose.yml with the role (Alice/Bob)
- Update ./scripts/docker-entrypoint.sh with the role specific information

> - Update ./src/chain-definition-custom/chain_def_testnet_poa_v0.1.0.json with the role specific information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update ./src/chain_spec.rs for the "testnet-latest" chain spec, since we will generate the raw chain definition from this
```
